# Suleymen-Abdureman-Omer-
Biodata For Author Profile: My name is  Suleymen Abdureman Omer, I was born in kurfa chele woreda, East Hararghe Zone, Oromia Region State, Ethiopia country in the 1990 G.C, from my father Abdureman Omer and my mother Rayiza Mumed. My mother’s language/native/ Afan Oromo. I can speak Afan Oromo, Amharic and English.    Suleymen Abdureman Omer is BSc and MSc in Rural Development &amp; Agricultural Extension (Rural Development stream) from Haramaya University, Ethiopia. I Worked different positions Field Assistance position at Haramaya University Research Offices, Research station Head position at Haramaya University Research Offices.  Recent now position is Technology and Knowledge Transfer Officer at Research Extension and publication Office, Haramaya University, | P.O.Box 138, Dire Dawa, Ethiopia. His Areas of interest; Agricultural sciences, Rural development and agricultural extension, Climate change, Climate adaptation, Sustainable Development, climate smart agricultural technology, development studies, Innovation, Technology innovation and Demonstration &amp; Dissemination, Knowledge Transfer, natural resources management.  Email: suleymanabdureman65@gmail.com, ORCID ID: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7565-5851  List of My Publications/Citations  1. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). Demonstration of Common Bean Varieties (Dursitu and Chercher) in the Gurawa and Kurfa Chele Districts, East Hararghe Zone, Oromia Region, Ethiopia. International Research Journal of Science and Technology, 1(4), 272-276. DOI: https://doi.org/10.46378/irjst.2020.010401   2. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). Review on the title of participatory (qualitative) poverty assessment. ACADEMICIA: An International Multidisciplinary Research Journal, 10(10), 256-267.  DOI: 10.5958/2249-7137.2020.01145.3  3. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). Impacts COVID-19 pandemic Diseases on Ethiopian Agriculture, Food Systems, Industries, and Mitigation and Adaptation Strategy.  Electronic Journal of Education, Social Economics and Technology, 1(1) 18-33.  DOI: https://doi.org/10.33122/ejeset.v1i1.6  4. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). Review on measuring training effectiveness, an integrated model of training effectiveness and satisfaction with employee development interventions. ACADEMICIA: An International Multidisciplinary Research Journal, 10(10), 109-121. DOI: 10.5958/2249-7137.2020.01144.1   5. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). A Seminar Title On the History and Evolution of Agricultural Extension in the Ethiopia Country. International Journal on Integrated Education, 3 (10), 163-176.  DOI: https://doi.org/10.31149/ijie.v3i10.710.  6. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). Systemic Review of the Bottlenecks and Priority Corresponding Strategic Interventions of Enhancing Environmental Management and Sustainability in the case of Ethiopia country. International Journal on Integrated Education, 3 (9), 224-227. DOI: https://doi.org/10.31149/ijie.v3i9.624   7. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A. (2020). Impacts of Climate Variability and Climate Change and Adaptation Strategy among Small Scale Farmers of Kurfa Chele District, East Hararghe Zone, Oromia Region, Ethiopia, of Science, Computing and Engineering Research, 1(5), 113-125.  DOI: https://doi.org/10.46379/jscer.2020.010501  8. Hassen, K. A., Abdi, N., &amp; Omer, S. A. (2020). Prevalence of Gastro-Intestinal Nematode in Small Ruminants on Haramaya University Farm. International Journal on Integrated Education, 3 (12), 364-372. https://doi.org/10.31149/ijie.v3i12.1035  9. Hassen, N. A., &amp; Omer, S. A. (2020). Assessing the Challenges and their Management aspect for Sustainable Usage of Rural Water Supply Practices: In Case of Babile Woreda. The Scopia International Journal for Science, Commerce and arts (SIJSCA), 1(2), 11-25. Paper ID: SIJSCAV1I20002  10. Omer, S. A., &amp; Hassen, N. A.  (2020). Adoption of Climate Smart Agricultural Practices among Small Scale Farmers of Kurfa Chele District, East Hararghe Zone, Oromia Region, Ethiopia . Studies in Humanities and Education, 1 (1), 1–20. https://doi.org/10.48185/she.v1i1.69  11. Omer S. A., Tefera T. L., &amp; Kenee F. B. (2021). Relevance and Effectiveness of Farmer Training Centers (FTCs) Based Training in Gurewa District, East Hararghe Zone, Oromia Region, Ethiopia. Brazilian Journal of Policy and Development , 3 (1), 38.  https://doi.org/10.52367/BRJPD.2675-102X.2021.3.1.38  12. Omer S. A. (2021). Measurement of Effectiveness Training &amp; Development Programs in The Case of Research Affairs of Haramaya University, Oromia Region, Ethiopia Country- Empirical Study. Web of Scientist: International Scientific Research Journal, 2 (04), 401-413.
